| Key          | Value                                                                       |
|--------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 09/04/2024                                                                  |
| Time:        | 15:45-16:45                                                                 |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg cubicle 14                                                       |
| Chair        | Nick de Boer                                                                |
| Minute Taker | Jona Bedaux                                                                 |
| Attendees:   | Nick de Boer, Defne Kösecioğlu, Feiyang Liu, Jona Bedaux and Makar Kuleshov |

**Agenda items:**

- Opening by chair (1 min)

Meeting is opened.

- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)

Everyone is good.

- Announcements by the team (? min)

No announcements.

- Summarization/Review of Agenda (1 min)
- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)

Agenda is approved as is.

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

Minutes are approved as well.

- Announcements by the TA (? min)

Knock-out criteria is enforced this week. Code freeze and knock-out deadline is sunday instead of friday.

Buddycheck and self-reflection are mandatory, no resits possible. The deadline for both is friday.

Project pitch next week. Ten minutes of presentation, twenty minutes of oral examination.
Expect individual questions about lecture material and the application of lecture material in the project,
for example:
"How did you use dependency injection in your project?"

Formative self-reflection feedback is on brightspace after this meeting.

The backlog requirements will be checked by a TA who does not know the project any further,
so we should explain unclear functionality in the README.

- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)

Presentation this week is not mandatory, but the app was presented to ask for feedback anyway.

The following items were presented:
  - Currency switching
  - Removing participants should be more usable or in the README
  - Settle debts functionality
  - Shortcuts should be in README
  - JSON downloading/importing
  - Icons for multimodal HCI point

- **Agenda item 1**: Review of previous meetings action points (2 min)

  - Jona worked on the parameterization of the websocket URL, the deletion of
    events and the import of JSON event data

Event deletion is not merged, but the rest is done and merged.

  - Makar worked the parameterization of the websocket URL
    and worked on exporting an event as JSON. Also, the refactoring of Tags

All items are done and merged.

  - Teim worked on improving usability according to the feedback
    given in Brightspace. Teim worked on making the edit/remove participants more
    user-friendly.

Teim is not present, but his work is done and merged.

  - Feiyang made it possible to rename an event and helped Teim with improving usability.

All items done and merged, also worked on further testing.

  - Defne continued to refactor and test EventOverViewMv and display the
    total score of open debts.

EventOverviewMv was last week.
Displaying total score is done and merged.

  - Nick worked on deleting events and adding icons and finished testing
    of AddEditMv. Tried to fix a bug appearing in Dialog.

All items are done, but not all are merged.

- **Agenda item 2**: Discussion on last week's work - Feedback: what went well and what didn't go well? (5 min)

Long polling is NOT CORRECT CURRENTLY AND FAILING.
We need to fix that with critical priority, as this will fail the project entirely.

There exists a hanging branch with actual long polling (hopefully).
The branch will be reviewed and improved, and hopefully it should be merged.

- **Agenda item 3**: Our next steps: what functionality should we focus on next? (10 min)
    - Finishing the application: what still needs to be done?

All basic features should be able to be tested properly. This is critical.

Live updating should be included on statistics and open debts page. Also critical

Some HCI improvements should still be added, notably more back buttons and interface improvements.

Project pitch needs major work. We will decide in the app about the specific format, along with slide contents.

- **Agenda item 4**: Division of tasks (10 min)

Division of tasks will be over app and issues, as there is not enough time left in the meeting.

- Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (3 min)

See last point.

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)

Little bit over time, but proper meeting, we discussed a lot.

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (? min)

Meeting was ~10 min overdue.
There was still quite a lot that had to be discussed or changed in the project, that takes time.

- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)

How do we connect the self-reflection to academic concepts?

Response: cite the lecture, make it clear that you did something because of the concept in the lecture.

- Closure (1 min)

Meeting is closed.
