| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 20/02/2024 |
| Time: | 15:45-16:45 |
| Location: | Drebbelweg cubicle 14 |
| Chair | Nick de Boer |
| Minute Taker | Teim Giesen|
| Attendees: | Teim, Nick, Defne, Feiyang, Jona and Makar |
Agenda Items:
- Opening by chair (1 min)
- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (? min)

Good, no issues personally or professionally regarding the OOPP journey.

- Announcements by the team (? min)

No formal announcements from any participants.

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (? min)

No objections to the agenda.

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (? min)

 Not applicable.

- Announcements by the TA (? min)

Main announcements:
- The knock out criteria takes into effect this week.
- Git assignment due on Friday.

- <s>Presentation of the current app to TA </s>

Simple presentation of the template project working locally.

- Talking Points: (Inform/ brainstorm/ decision making/ discuss)
- <Agenda -item 1> git assignment (5min)
	Overall good team progress. Five from the six managed to successfully complete the git assignment. Defne unfortunately had issues with resource access causing git pull not to work. No solution found however help from TA's was requested.

- <Agenda -item 2> 10+ checkstyle rules (10 min)
	Team came to a unanimous decision to refer to the OOP course checkstyle. These will be generally followed with further additionally rules that can be added later. Main topics include unused imports, method parameters, naming, line length and cyclomatic complexity. Agreed to always push changes in a branch. Teim is responsible for pushing a first (draft) checkstyle document before next meeting. 

- <Agenda -item 3> Code of conduct (10 min)
	We reviewed each individual section of the code of conduct providing the following feedback:
	- Shared team values: good overall agreement
	- Assignment description: good breakdown of all the features, short but contains the critical points.
	- Target Level: good overall message; try our best and aim high while maintaining realism. 
	- Planning: this section was not complete, it will be completed by Defne before next meeting.
	- Behaviour: good section focusing on consequences, respect and TA's or academic advisors if need be. Good overall team consensus on this section.
	- Communication: good agreement. Also agreed to include discord as a medium for communication.
	- Commitment: All in agreement. The fact that TA's will give feedback for chairs and minute takers can be added.
	- Decision-making: section looks good. Unanimous agreement on the coin flip if need be.
	- Dealing with conflict: everyone is in agreement regarding this section. 
	- Consequences: well written and all in agreement.
	- Outside Collaboration: Considered the removal of the fixed slot, instead choosing the follow a looser routine and plane based on necessity with an emphasise on Thursday afternoons.

	Overall, looks good. Agreed to implement some of the aforementioned small changes and add to the shared latex (overleaf) file by next meeting.

- <Agenda -item 4> Template project setup (5 min)
	This section was skipped due to time constraints. Luckily this, everyone already had their template project set up.

- <Agenda -item 5> Features to implement this week (10 min)
	Agreed to fixate on the API (REST) first. Initially there was a struggle on knowing where to begin but agreed to split front end: Teim, Nick and Jona and back end: Defne, Makar and Feiyang for the following few days and to teach each other the section we didn't look at. Back end will focus on implementing some classes while front end will focus on the initial GUI and the use of javaFX. 

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (? min)
The action points were mentioned implicitly before but are re-iterated below:
- Defne: completed git assignment & write 'planning' section of code of conduct before next meeting.
- Teim: create and push checkstyle file before next meeting.
- Everyone: add any changes to their relevant COC section and add to the overleaf file before next meeting.
- Teim, Nick & Jona: work on the front-end to reach knock-out criteria before Sunday.
- Defne, Makar and Feiyang: work on the back-end to reach knock-out criteria before Sunday.

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (? min)

No formal feedback, well carried out by the chair. 

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (? min)

Main point of feedback was that the meeting took longer than expected. Must take into account that only a limited amount of topics can be discussed in 45 minutes.

- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (? min)

No formal questions, both groups of three quickly grouped together to discuss the division of work.

- Closure (1 min)
