| Key | Value |
| --- | --- |
| Date: | 27/02/2024 |
| Time: | 15:45-16:45 |
| Location: | Drebbelweg cubicle 14 |
| Chair | Teim Giesen |
| Minute Taker | Defne Kösecioğlu|
| Attendees: | Teim Giesen, Nick de Boer, Defne Kösecioğlu, Feiyang Liu, Jona Bedaux and Makar Kuleshov|

**Agenda Items**: 

- Opening by chair (1 min)


- Check -in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)
everyone was doing well!


- Announcements by the team (? min)
no big announcements 


- Summarization/Review of Agenda (1 min)


- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions/Objections? (1 min)

no objections 

- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

yes amazing 

- Announcements by the TA (? min)

if knockout criteria isn't met by anyone throughout the project, this will be communicated via email. make sure to keep 
an eye out for this, so we don't miss any notification like this.

- Presentation of the current app to TA  (2 min)


- **Agenda - item 1**: Review of previous meetings action points (2 min)

- **Agenda - item 2**: Code of Conduct last comments before submission (3 min)

2 sections missing, should be copy-pasted into the document
make sure to have references to the teamwork lecture, deadline this friday

- **Agenda - item 3**: Discussion on last week's work - Feedback: what went well and what didn't go well? (10 min)

what went well: chart with entities, good communication, decent basis for the code established.
what can be improved: pipeline fails, figuring out the project, maybe certain things could have been implemented earlier in the week rather than later.
overall happy with the way the week went.

Some annotations are definitely shaky. many to many for participant and event or not? 

- **Agenda - item 4**: Our next steps: what functionality should we focus on next? (5 min)

add email to participant asap (added to git as an issue by nick). can continue to be discussed later

everyone takes an amount of endpoints and works on them. api file for the endpoints will not be made most likely.

a list of initial endpoints we can implement. we can make a milestone related to this and just use milestones more in general.

we should work on making it easier to switch between scenes.

user config file can be worked on.

apache commons library will be sent in the group-chat for everyone to take a look at 

do we want separate debt entity? overkill? something to consider

uh oh: 5 cents owed between 6 people. decide how money will be stored 

still need some kind of error handling in the front end 

language

- **Agenda - item 5**: Division of tasks (10 min)

divide endpoints after deciding which ones will be needed (hopefully somewhat equally)

user config file: teim doesn't mind working on it, jona has started working on it

communication between frontend backend have somewhat working (task division to be made on the group-chat again)

- Summarize action points: Who , what , when? (3 min)

defne turn in the code of conduct before friday 

- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)

time managed better than last time 

we now know what to do and how to continue

- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis -estimate? (? min)

not perfect but improved 

- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)

assuming planning is mostly about how we use gitlab? 
we can see for ourselves on the rubric what the criteria will be. the document tas use to grade is given to us. 

- Closure (1 min)

feedback to be seen on gitlab 

ta says application is best hes seen today 

