| Key          | Value                                                                                    |
|--------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Date:        | 02/04/2024                                                                               |
| Time:        | 15:45-16:45                                                                              |
| Location:    | Drebbelweg cubicle 14                                                                    |
| Chair        | Jona Bedaux                                                                              |
| Minute Taker | Nick de Boer                                                                             |
| Attendees:   | Teim Giesen, Nick de Boer, Defne Kösecioğlu, Feiyang Liu, Jona Bedaux and Makar Kuleshov |

**Agenda items:**

- Opening by chair (1 min)

- Check-in: How is everyone doing? (1 min)

Good

- Announcements by the team (? min)

No announcements 

- Summarization/Review of Agenda (1 min)

- Approval of the agenda - Does anyone have any additions? (1 min)
- Approval of last minutes - Did everyone read the minutes from the previous meeting? (1 min)

No objections

- Announcements by the TA (? min)

The self reflection formative is due on Friday. It is important that everyone finishes this since you can receive 
feedback for the final which is a pass or fail. Also, the functionality formative will be due this week.

- Presentation of the current app to TA (2 min)

Improvements since last week:
  - Password for admin
  - Improvement/more popups
  - Edit expenses functionality
  - Email functionality
  - Sorting events
  - statistics graph finished
  - open debts Settle debts button and email

- **Agenda item 1**: Review of previous meetings action points (2 min)
    - Nick: admin password and frontend testing + database fix
    
  Password implemented and made progress in frontend testing 
    - Makar: websockets and frontend testing + database fix
  
  Worked on fix and websockets frontend testing still in progress.
  issue with parametrization of websocket URL 
    - Jona: slides or something for product pitch + database fix and issues when they arise
  
  Slides were created and database is fixed.
    - Defne: model-view and testing
  
  Made good progress but not there yet.
    - Feiyang: create product pitch google slides + popups and testing and long polling
    - Teim: email functionality and issues when they arise
    
  Email functionality has been created.


- **Agenda item 2**: Discussion on last week's work - Feedback: what went well and what didn't go well? (5 min)

Everyone got there actions points from last week. Except  testing frontend is still
not completely finished

- **Agenda item 3**: Our next steps: what functionality should we focus on next? (10 min)
    - Finishing the application: what still needs to be done?

Main focus should be on basic requirements. HCI should have focus over extensions
since it makes up more of the final grade. Getting the 80% coverage should not 
have a big focus since it is not worth the time and effort.
- **Agenda item 4**: Division of tasks (10 min)

- Summarize action points: Who, what, when? (3 min)
   - Jona will work on the parameterization of the websocket URL, the deletion of
   events and the import of JSON event data
   - Makar will just as Jona work on the parameterization of the websocket URL 
  and work on exporting an event as JSON. Also, the refactoring of Tags
   - Teim will work on improving usability according to the feedback 
  given in Brightspace. Teim will work on making the edit/remove participants more
  user-friendly.
   - Feiyang will make it possible to rename an event and help Teim with improving usability.
  - Defne will continue to refactor and test EventOverViewMv and display the 
  total score of open debts.
  - Nick will work on deleting events and adding icons as well as finish testing 
  of AddEditMv. Will try to fix a bug appearing in Dialog.
- Feedback round: What went well and what can be improved next time? (2 min)

No feedback
- Planned meeting duration != actual duration? Where/why did you mis-estimate? (? min)

Meeting was finished a bit earlier then normal 
- Question round: Does anyone have anything to add before the meeting closes? (1 min)

No questions
- Closure (1 min)
